== Changelog ==

=== Version 3.5.0 (November 2023) ===

* CodeSonar is now a CodeSecure product.
* Add new comparisonAnalysis parameter.
* Use hub session pools in CodeSonar 8.0.
* Fix bug with warning filter in score+threshold conditions.
* Add better validation and logging for credential use.

=== Version 3.4.0 (July 2023) ===

* No longer store analysis detail data on Jenkins server.
* Allow passwordless client certificate credentials as Secret file type.
* Correct some references to "rank" and "score" of warnings in documentation.
* Fix `warningCountIncreaseSpecifiedScoreAndHigher` condition to match documented description.
* Make `warningCountIncreaseOverall` build summary data more consistent.
* Make `cyclomaticComplexity` build summary data more specific in success case.

=== Version 3.3.1 (April 2023) ===

* Update job-dsl plugin dependency to address CVE-2019-1003034.

=== Version 3.3.0 (April 2023) ===

* Add new `projectFile` parameter for CodeSonar project file path.
* Add new `newWarningsFilter` parameter to allow greater control of new warning identification.
* Improve interactive help information for parameters seen in freestyle projects.
* Add parameter and output data to build result messages seen on Jenkins build page.
* Fix bug where `aid` parameter would become stuck.
* Fix and clean up some job-dsl code that was broken.
* Clean up some internal logging and error handling code.

=== Version 3.2.1 (February 2023) ===

* Revise documentation to correct errors and to focus on scripted pipeline.
* Update CodeSonar display text and icon in various places.

=== Version 3.2.0 (February 2023) ===

* Support CodeSonar 7.2 hubs.
* Fix another bug with Server Certificate post-build parameter selection list.

=== Version 3.1.1 (January 2023) ===

* Fix bug with Server Certificate post-build parameter selection list.
* Update documentation and repository source URLs; README now visible on plugins.jenkins.io.

=== Version 3.1.0 (November 2022) ===

* Introduced support for accepting custom Hub Server Certificate by providing the certificate in a Jenkins File Credential
* Introduced SocketTimeout as parameter
* Use the aid.txt file to get the analysis id, instead of using the search API in CodeSonar
  You can now use the plugin to run parallel builds, without risk of race conditions
* Improved feedback from errors received from the CodeSonar Hub

=== Version 3.0.0 (January 2022) ===

* Removed the graphs generated by the plugin on project frontpage to preventer clutter in case of multiple codesonars
* Introduced new mechanism to get the analysis id from a project. Will use current working directory, or can be directly specified

=== Version 2.1.0 (October 2020) ===

* Option to set the visibility filter for the analysis

=== Version 2.0.9 (April 2020) === 

* Java 11 compatibility
* Jenkins core requirement is upped to 2.164

=== Version 2.0.8 (March 1, 2019) ===

* Added new [threshold option](https://github.com/Praqma/codesonar-plugin/issues/51)

=== Version 2.0.6 (February 6, 2018) ===

* The plugin is now more memory efficient
* Less data is stored on master 

=== Version 2.0.5 (March 22, 2017) ===

* Added support for pipeline job types.
* Added support for projects inside tree structures on the hub.

=== Version 2.0.4 (September 12, 2016) ===

* Fixed compatibility bugs regarding CodeSonar 4.2
* Fixed bug where plugin used to fail with a nullpointer exception after a fresh restart

=== Version 2.0.2 (August 9, 2016) ===

* Fixed compatibility bug for Jenkins 1.609.2

=== Version 2.0.1 (June 16, 2016) ===

* Fixed a possible NPE related to alerts (#2)

=== Version 2.0.0 (June 13, 2016) ===

* Added compatability for codesonar 4.2+

=== Version 1.0.1 (October 15, 2015) ===

* Better error messages in console (JENKINS-30386)
* Added JobDSL support (JENKINS-30888)

=== Version 1.0 ===

* Release of the first stable version
